About the job
🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone.

We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking.

After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as personal and business bank accounts, we offer joint accounts, accounts for 16-17 year olds, a free kids account and credit cards in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also save, invest and combine their pensions with us.

With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers!

We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️

📍Barcelona, Spain | 💰 Base salary for this role is depending on experience + Incentive Awards tied to your performance + benefits

Hybrid model: 3 days a week in the office

⭐ Our Engineering Teams

We have over 400 engineers across Monzo who design and build our in-house banking platform. We have big ambitions for the future, and technology plays a big role in creating a bank our customers want, so engineers at Monzo collaborate across disciplines to solve interesting challenges throughout the company.

These range from the products our customers use everyday to underlying infrastructure, security, payments and finance, customer operations, financial crime, and data, to name just a few areas. As a bank, there is scope for impact across a huge number of opportunities.

We contribute to open source software as much as possible. Our blog is a good place to learn even more about what we do!

Your day-to-day 

This role is all about collaborating with your team to make a difference to your customers. As a web engineer you’ll work in a squad alongside other disciplines like product managers, marketers, user researchers, designers, mobile engineers, web engineers, data analysts, business analysts, writers and more!

Together you’ll build and support a particular part of Monzo. Our squads belong to our wider collectives (a word we use to describe self-governing business units of ~100 people). They are; Core Banking, Business Banking, Wealth, Borrowing, Growth, Payments, Platform, Fincrime, Security & Expansion.

🔑You’ll play a key role by...

Working closely with designers to iterate and improve on the user experience (UX) of the web banking platform, building accessible and intuitive interfaces.
Actively contributing to every stage in the product development lifecycle within your team, and owning the development of new features from start to finish.
Working closely with our backend engineers to design APIs to support new frontend features.
Collaborating with other web engineers to add brand-new features to the Payments Acquiring web platform.

Our software engineers have a variety of different backgrounds

We have plenty of non-graduates: only some of us studied Computer Science; some of us have worked in huge companies; some have only ever worked in startups and others are former consultants. As long as you enjoy learning new things, we’d love to talk to you.

🤩 We’d love to hear from you if…

You love building products in cross disciplinary teams using an iterative approach, driven by user feedback and data insight.
You care deeply about providing a great user experience for our users.
You have an interest in building performant web experiences and designing/building UI that makes it easy for users to accomplish what they need.
You enjoy working in a large front-end codebase with many stakeholders.
You understand the importance of prioritisation in your work to ensure a good balance between development velocity and code quality.
You have developed modern component-oriented JavaScript applications using frameworks and libraries (e.g React, Vue, Angular, Flow/Typescript, Webpack etc).
You are a keen learner and love sharing your knowledge with others.

We're on the look out for L50 Engineers at the moment, you can read more in our Engineering Progression Framework - we will interview you across the whole framework, so if you are not sure what level you are aiming for please chat to your recruiters!

Not ticking every box? That’s totally okay! Studies show that women and people of colour might hesitate to apply unless they meet every single requirement. At Monzo, we’re dedicated to creating a diverse and welcoming team. If you’re passionate about this role and keen to learn and grow with us, we encourage you to apply— even if you don’t have everything thats listed just yet. Drop us your application, we’d love to hear from you!

🌈 The interview process

Our Interview Process Involves Four Main Stages

Recruiter Call 
Initial Call 
Technical Interview
Final interview including a system design and a behavioural interview 

Our average process takes around 2-3 weeks but we will always work around your availability.

🙌 What’s In It For You

💰 Base salary for this role is depending on experience + Incentive Awards tied to your performance + benefits

📍Barcelona, Spain

⏰ We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, at times that suit you and your team.

📚Learning budget of €1,200 a year for books, training courses and conferences